All right.
The last thing we'll take a look at is a nice and clean way of what we did here.
Sending requests in parallel and just waiting until they were all back before we did something this
code down here won't run Intel.
We have a resolved value from this first promise.
Second one.
And third one.
But the requests are still being sent at roughly the same time.
So if I don't want to have to type all of this stuff it's kind of annoying having to make these different
variables.
What we can do is use a promise helper method called promise for the capital p dot all and promised
that all accepts an array of promises.
So these are all promises that we get back so I could just pass those in to promise that all from one
problem to Problem 3 and then await that could call this concept results equals a wait promised at all.
I'll get rid of the original one.
Now let's take a look at results afterwards console dot log results.
Thanks to the magic of async functions and a wait I can just write it directly beneath even though this
may take a while.
If my internet sucks if the Internet is not on or if the API is down I'm not catching the errors but
we could also do that as we've seen earlier.
So I won't spend time on that.
So this is much cleaner than what we had before assuming it works.
Let's make sure it does refresh.
This is what we get back.
Another array containing three response objects which is the values that those promises are returned
with thanks to excuse.
So if I was awaiting something else I would get whatever the resolved values were in a results array.
So this returns a promise itself.
This promise is resolved when its own promises and this array are all resolved then we're awaiting promised
that all to be resolved.
Take that resolved value it's now stored in results and then we move on as soon as this is done.
This code runs so then we can print out something for each one.
How about just make a separate function print pokemon and pass in results then I can just define a regular
function called Print Pokemon it doesn't need to be async.
This will be past results.
So in here I would just do for let Pokemon of results and we want the data.
Dot.
I think its name.
Why don't we just do that data dot name console log data Dot.
Name Pokémon dot data Dot.
Name
let's test it out.
There we go.
Phobos or iris or Venus or so not the most useful actual request that we're making.
But this is much nicer than what we had before where we were awaiting each promise individually.
A weight problem on a weight problem to a weight problem 3.
Here we put them in an array and then we can await that entire promised at all and then move on.
This code will only run when all of these promises have been resolved so that's kind of it for async
functions.
We use async to declare the function as an async function and then we use a weight to await a resolved
value within an async function.
We can't use a wait outside of an async function only inside but the combination of the two helps us
write code that looks like it is synchronous but it still is behaving asynchronously.
It's just much easier to read.
Remember it's all built on top of promises and it's just syntactic sugar so we'll get tons of practice
later in the project portion of this course we'll work with axioms and make a lot of requests and write
our own async functions and use a wait inside already.